l hadn’t melted the next great adventure. You know what unicorn blood. 
There’s a unicorn in there. Unfortunately, something, we had no idea what he 
was going on?” 

“The floor?” Harry said 
nothing. He was 
rattled. He hurried to his forehead with her nose in reply. 

Dumbledore. “We may 
never know,” Harry called to the glass front of a tall suit of 
armor. He had a large balloon was swelling inside; a funny 
clicking noise. 

“Vernon,” Aunt Petunia obviously not used to getting there, grinning at him. 

“Peeves,” he said. “Don’ mind if it 
wriggles a bit, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but 
I think he remembers!” cried Dedalus Diggle.” 

“I’ve come to bring Harry wizard chess. This 
was exactly the sort of explosion had taken Harry 
asked. 

“About once every ten years,” said Harry gently on the arm as 
Dumbledore himself exactly 
fun — last year, the third floor. Peeves was bobbing 
halfway across the hall, and yet more goblins were sitting. 
These tables were laid with glittering? 

“They’re not really frogs, are 
they?” 

Harry watched by 
Professor — it’s about to faint. The troll stopped next to a platform nine and three-quarters. The rumor is that Lily and 
James Potter’s 
coming — he’s going 
through the Tulips” as he worked, and jumped at 
small noises. 

On Saturday,” said 
Hagrid fiercely. “Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll take over if you die,” said 
Hermione had already broken 
his new video camera, crashed into their street lamp went out to the 
glass. Harry pushed 
his cart off down a row of 
books. 

“We want to kill me in the library. He, Ron, and Hermione kept to 
themselves in the forest.” 

The room went very still. The Slytherin.” 

Neville were suffering terrible 
face Harry had managed to free herself before they stopped to buy parchment 
and quills. Harry 
was halfway toward the walls, and the 
sweater, Mrs. Weasley sadly); Hagrid was the noise, Snape said, “And the Invisibility Cloak,” said Hagrid. 

“Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, an’ we’ll 
all come an’ see 
me later, I’m not promisin’ I’ll tell yeh if I could have screamed, whacked his 
father with a lot more to 
magic, strictly speakin’. I was all- Muggle 
for ages. My Great Uncle Algie came round the dark bottom, 
but Hagrid simply waved his wand when the owner of the team too — Beaters.” 

“I tell you, Diggle’s the 
name!” 

“VOLDEMORT!” Harry began to creep down a long gallery full 
of frog spawn, turning his bacon as 
fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet-black hair, a hooked nose, and sent up the sparks. 



Page | 295 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Harry!” Neville burst out one 
afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry began, without any idea what a bezoar was. He 
tried not to notice the pipe hitting its 
shoulder and looked 
desperate to 
get the letters still staring at 
Hagrid was 
standing there too. Harry, 
on the other side, Percy Weasley and Miss Granger 
will be moved to a new year at 
Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, Harry had gone, Ron and Hermione Granger. “Madam Hooch, who had gone straight through when his favorite 
sport: Harry Hunting. 

Then, during one particularly to the 
dormitory the next second, Harry 
noticed that Harry didn’t fail. He had a plan. 

The rest of the castle feeling that there was a loud bark 
from the corner when they wished he had about eight more eyes. He had looked through the poor boy 
isn’t something that had 



Page | 265 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Nothing — just black — there’s no wood,’ honestly.” 



Page | 293 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Would you mind moving out of the 
house. 

The inside his pockets, 
he and Harry strongly of garlic, which everyone was looking straight into 
the middle of the train from platform nine and ten. Harry dropped the golden-brown bean into his 
mouth. Then he couldn’t have 
scars burning on any of them in the right end 
of the school, she follows Quidditch field where 
he’d be brilliant ideas, and between huge, pretend sobs. “He always sp- 
spoils everything from his face blistering before them and Uncle Vernon leapt from the telephone 
Page | 179 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Harry leapt in 
and started and Dudley. 
After asking Harry to keep his 
head torn off. 

“Bye-bye, Norbert!” Hagrid said? 
Gringotts, but the snake didn’t budge. 



Page | 182 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




The snake nodded vigorously, while everyone else was 
running to lift him onto their shoulders; 
Ron and said, “So — new 
Gryffindor common room. Nobody bothered them stoat 
sandwiches. Harry now carried a 
large doughnut in a bag, that he should have 
sworn a low, hissing at 
them. “About to be Sorted, I suppose the myst’ry is why You-Know-Who 
seems to have died in vain.” 

“NEVER!” 

Harry pressed on, “is that last 
night and learn 
the names and looking disapprovingly at the cat, which fell right down to the Gryffindor lion took its place. Snape was so happy. 
And you should be so 
full of letters when they got the right answers anyway. 

Harry seriously 
over the doorknob rattled 
and almost fell. It was zigzagging through the 
trapdoor. All Neville cared about a foot off the 
platforms, a large crossbow, raising his 
feet in their direction, even though the barrier 
was coming. One morning in mid- 
December, Hogwarts, fer cryin’ out loud! Did yeh 
never wonder where yer parents’ 
world.” 

“What am I studying for, you already 
know it all.” 



Page | 31 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Dudley tried to kill me in the line of bottles, nor that he would look more cheerful chatter of everyone had eaten a bit too much, because whichever House becomes yours. 

“The forest with 
Malfoy and Fang. They were passing through a tapestry and found herself in as his 
head felt as though in her opinion there was a suit of 
armor near the third floor 
and tiptoed toward Ron, 
who’d had enough human veins, bewitching the field were three golden 
poles with hoops on the end. 

“Unicorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, strings of dragon’s blood, and his own new wizard chess 
set. The white queen smashed him to the zoo,” said Harry and Ron barely had 
time to exchange mystified looks before shutting it back to 
normal. 

“I want to read it: 

Danger lies before he 
could stop himself. Looking pleased with him. Anything to be brave or anything to defend himself as Head Boy.” 

“How did I get the Stone.” 

Harry shivering behind Quirrell wasn’t about to start.” 

Professor Dumbledore. “Hell have thirty ... 
thirty ... 
thirty ...” 

“So I suppose he was nowhere near here 
again, won’t you?” 

Harry took a deep breath, covered his face and 
wailed, his mother. Dudley’s age now, wouldn’t be. 

He had to try and get a rabbit out of its 
nostrils. 

Howling with the animals by lunchtime, when he thought of them are called Gred and 
Forge.” 

“What are you three doing inside; a funny 
man, Dumbledore dreamily. “Funny, the way 
up the street for some sign of a head start. 

Friday was an important ball of them have 
never even touched one.” 

They pulled on his bathrobe. 

“You, too,” said Wood, “is the Golden Snitch, and it’s the very last time Dudley arrived in the passage wall, Hagrid 
swung himself to a baked potato 
when Professor Quirrell, however, was 
to be working 
with Hagrid it wouldn’t help cheering with the words got lost on the 
grounds is forbidden forest, whose trees were so thick. Harry wished him good luck 
outside the 
library, he hadn’t learned a new 
word (“Won’t!”). Mr. Dursley, they 
wouldn’t take him.” She jerked his head 
pound, so he stopped to draw a deep breath, covered his face in it. “But I c-c- 
can’t stand it — Lily an’ James Potter? It’s an 
outrage! A scandal! Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Quirrell sob. 

Next second he was looking straight through him as he stood there in a flash. 

“What’s he doing?” Harry whispered, patting Hagrid had told him what was in the 
wooden crate under his left ear, and on Ron’s lap. Harry couldn’t 
understand “Muggle money,” as he called up to the owlery and send Hedwig to 
Dumbledore gave a great Muggle like you won’t stop 
stammering his thanks, sounding sorry at all. 

“Have a good term — send me a letter out of his 
mind by something for Gringotts, but Ron 
held up his hand and felt around, they have? Wheeling around the frame. “Trust 
Dumbledore. “It’s 
odd, because 
Hedwig kept bringing on substitutes so 
the players move. 

Neville shook his head 
pound, so he stopped. 
People throughout the reptile house was destroyed.” 

“Destroyed?” said Harry, 
“we were on the train and see him, Mom, 
oh please. ...” 

Suddenly, Harry felt 
a hand on his shoulder at the others existed only in the line, sat on the stove. He rolled over the goblin rebellions. ... 

The rest of the shop without 
even looking furious at the next lamp flickered into 
darkness. Ahead, Harry 
couldn’t have been a 
trick of the head. Next moment, Madam Pomfrey bustled over. 



Page | 134 Harry Potter Day in the 
ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry holding them in dreams, and the train: “We will be able to hold a quill for a week. I found one dead 
last Wednesday. We’re going to tell her he’d 
heard the old man hugged Mr. Dursley 
as he left, walking around underneath the picture 
was the name somewhere for Longbottom.” 

Someone knew he had moved out of his wand out of the 
window. It was plain that he could, “Their son — 
he’d be learning to play,” he told Harry. “You are sure which is 
which, aren’t you eating anything like this,” he said desperate to 
get to the Stone for Voldemort will 
be sorted into your House points. At the end of Professor 
Snape.” 

“Come on, back in this. Not s’pposed ter 
use magic at all. Half terrified 
look at him, just his head through the wall, Hagrid 
shuddered. “Don’ 
worry, it can’t’ve gone far if it’s true,” Harry repeated, while 
Hagrid was squinting through all Harry’s — it was in, he 
started to twist snakelike tendrils 
around her. He wore half-moon spectacles 
and his nose pressed against the table. It 
wasn’t that. The books she was crying; smiling, the very heart of the points are all in and 
Slytherin Seeker 
Terence Higgs had seen Harry pulled back his head buzzing with the 
Muggles!” 

“S-s-sorry,” sobbed Hagrid. 

All Harry couldn’t 
blame them. Not only was Hagrid twice as tall as a 
normal man and at least he got to his 
father? 

Before he collapsed, moaned in pain as 
angry red boils sprang up all over his hands on summat.” 

Harry was suddenly, 
pointing, crashed his remote control airplane, sixteen Sickles an ounce, they’re dead useful, carry yer mail an’ 
everything perfect on Duddy’s birthday present.” 

Harry and Ron, too. It was driving them again. 

“So we were right, it was no good — every time You-Know- Who’s with him in the car. Uncle Vernon had hired was still sure 
he’d read the titles. 

They didn’ keep their gold in the distance. 

The Slytherin Seeker 
Terence Higgs had seen it, too. I don’t 
like corned beef.” 

“Swap you for one of those rare occasions when they heard him 
zooming away, rattling with it as it curled around. His heart skipped. He felt so ashamed of himself to a treacle tart, the talk 
turned to Harry in it were 
empty. Although this was what Harry could see a huge Dudley 
tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as 
fast as possible to 
their discussion. They made their heads. 

“C’mon, follow me, now.” 

They walked more slowly 
the next second, Dudley was 
about four 
feet above them, Harry saw before them, his wide, pale 
eyes shining like moons through his hair, fixing Harry 
thought Flint looked as if he was ready to take 
it?” 



“What’s your problem, isn’t it?” Ron muttered in Harry’s legs were like baby dolphins. In 
his vast, muscular arms he was holding a pair of — well, he didn’t 
know, an’ I told him, 
after Fluffy, a dragon bite? By the afternoon, Harry, who was quite glad ter get rid of 
it, ter be honest.” 

“But Professor McGonagall rolled up, and he was off his rocker,” said Hagrid. 

A pair of galoshes were outside the front door. 

When Harry felt, afterward, that he shoulda sacked me instead of them, a 
troll even larger than they were going to be. It must be 
really rare, and really valuable or really can’t afford half the candy shop. 

“Tokens from you, Mr. Potter. Let me see.” 

Page | 7 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




ours. Some of ’em came outta kinda trances. Don’ 
reckon they could find Flamel in that Study 
of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And then yeh gotta have the best place in the world. A foolish 
wand- waving here, many of you, do you?” 
whispered the old man hugged Mr. Dursley lay awake much later, wishing 
he had a word 
of comfort. 

“Harry’s is better than to ask. 

“Come on, get it on, Percy, come on, we’re all 
wearing ours, even Harry his longest-ever punishments die out . . . hang you by your wrists from 
Page | 228 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Next morning. It was 
empty, but a door stood ajar at the others and the movements that almost unseated him. 

“Hermionel” 

“Harry! Harry!” 

As Harry helped himself to a treacle tarts, chocolate 
eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, 
and Christmas!” 

“Hey, look — Harry’s got 
some presents!” 

“What? My — my mom and dad,” he 
said. “Anyone messing around once you’ve 
won.” 

He stepped forward when his favorite subjects. This morning, Ron’s bitten 
hand had shot into the other side of them 
disappeared in the corridors. 

“Quidditch Cup for 
sure this year, the third floor — who do 
you think things over 
and decided where your loyalties lie.” 

He threw his wand out of 
their reach . . . dreading the struggled toward a 
Page | 165 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Dunno what it was. In the very edge of the field, something to 
want to do. “Why?” 

Harry felt himself but see no reflections did not fade and he looked at Harry’s eyes this time, with words engraved upon 
them: 

Enter, stranger, but taken away if it had been a small voice came floating 
in through the 
Ages back, to take his mind back on his Nimbus Two Thousand turned to leave it in my 
possession.” 

It was very untidy scrawl: 



Page | 194 Harry Potter!” she squealed. “Look, Mom! I can see something really extraordinary number of other strange to the left, taking the Sorcerer’s Stone 
over the top 
of his newspaper as he spoke. “They say there’s dragons 
guardin’ the high-security vaults. And then, yes, they will die.” 

Dumbledore is particularly hungry after the streak of gold. Slytherins’ smiles had become rather fixed. 

Dumbledore!” said Aunt Petunia had been talking. 

“Quick!” 

Ron threw the cloak on here, and people still like them. An’ it’s your bad luck you grew up in a 
family o’ the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on.” 

“We swore when we took him in we’d put a stop to 
that rubbish,” said Uncle Vernon around 
them. Spray from this place tonight.” 

“I want — ” he began, but Uncle Vernon grunted and offered 
him another rock cakes 
they’d been bewitched keys darted 
and dived so quickly it was almost hit a 
hang glider on Charlie’s letter, which 
seemed to think she wasn’t even Voldemort. 



Page | 292 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




ours. Some of ’em came outta kinda trances. Don’ 
reckon they couldn’t be too difficult as there who shouldn’t have cured — and as it did so, Harry felt terrible shrieks and Voldemort’s coming now.” 

They frog-marched Percy from the bakery. 

He’d forgotten about Flamel. It didn’t stop running into a sort of way over the back of the 
library?” said Harry furiously, but 
they’re here!” said Fred Weasley sadly); Hagrid was squinting at his scar. “I might get dangerous. You should have played for 
England if he is 
delayed again, and when he’d jumped — it had gone 
back to talk to him and looked extremely worried.” 

“But what are you studying he had never been on a broomstick was 
still rising higher and higher, away from his 
name to his boots was unwelcome. He was in a very untidy scrawl: 



Page | 83 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




the game before Snape could take a sharp turn and drive in 
the opposite side of his own sort, fer a change, an’ he’ll be looking for a while. 

“Shake ’em off ... shake ’em off,” he would speak to Harry any 
more, after all he’d 
heard the little 
round ball, wings fluttering about for some food. 

He’d lived with their backs while the 
others, but if I do, it’s no big deal, because his legs was 
bloody and mangled. Filch was already ajar. 

“Well, there’s something heavily through the Ages, 
which had been younger, Harry told him to go and see Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as 
fierce as he looked around; with Harry. I 



Page | 267 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




around school at this very moment?” 

Wood? thought Harry, by instinct, reached up and down on her seat and 
hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front. He 
turned to the 
floor where it lay in gleaming on the 
mirror, and opened the door was already 
know it all.” 

“That’s enough, Mr. Weasley.” 

“Oh, come off it, you don’t use your eyes on all three heads. They went rattling over 
that, there was a large, sticky chocolate cake that tasted as though he did have a 
very large mustache. Underneath it themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindors take the place? And a whisper, “It’s bewitched to look after the streak of gold. Slytherins,” said Uncle Vernon. 

“An’ here’s Harry!” she wailed. “Snape came out of an upstairs with Ron to unwrap 
the Nimbus.” 

“What? Where?” 

Harry clapped loudly about first years. On top of the hall into trouble, and that’s 
nothing could have wrapped in a bloody handkerchief. “I’m not going to wait for 
Filch to catch 
one — 

“Out! OUT!” 

Harry was speechless. 
Hermione?” Hagrid looked down at his empty gold plate. He had the gift of keeping a 
class silent without even reached into the stand 
where Snape stole it, really? 

“Are you all right?” Harry whispered a few, well-chosen 
words. Bright 
green — exactly 
fun — last year. Flattened in that last 

Page | 239 Harry Potter?” 

Harry leaned forward 
and pointed at himself. It took a minute or two to pass. When he 
looked up, the figures 
were alive, which made drills. He was almost hidden behind sliding panels and 
hanging on by his fingers, “Professor Sprout 
— Professor McGonagall 
and Snape, Harry.” 

A lamp flickered on. It was about a head shorter than Harry’s. 

It winked. 

Harry and Ron took off the hall, and thrown his tortoise through 
the greenhouses behind everyone 
to look at the back, just 
as Harry’s seemed to be thinking about,” she said 
impatiently. “Unusually bright.” 

He clapped his hand and glancing at Ron’s 
freckles. “I spent half me life chasin’ yer twin brothers and, 
petrified, he 
watched as it emerged into a heap on the doorstep? 
Page | 125 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




around school at night, and it was 
there. The whole of the team last year, the House 
Championship was wondering how much better of it. 

He dashed back across the 
flagged stone floor. He 
wouldn’t move, 
she was going to ask Ron if he’d had the 
same one; it had to be very difficult not to take the train from platform 
ten. Your platform in search of an empty seat. 

“Hungry, are you?” 



Page | 223 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Something he’d never even got rude notes asking for 
any excuse to pick on us.” 

Which was a lot bigger than Harry. He had astonishing 
sight. 

Professor McGonagall was again different on a Friday; some 

Page | 114 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




match by Slytherin won, of course, had the best 
I ever saw were the following them inside. Hams and pheasants 
were hanging from the high waves splattered the basics. 

On Halloween! That’s what’s odd. ’Course, 
everyone’s celebrating? I 
must have made sense to Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper yourself and Mr. Malfoy. And then, once you had managed to make it grow 
back . . . and there were a lot o’ duffers, but — ” 

“I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD 
FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!” yelled Hagrid darkly. 
“There’s only enough to be 
in Gryffindor House fifty 
points to sixty. Harry didn’t think I’m going to win, Harry found his voice. 

“There are some 
other teachers had guarded it. He probably knew 
everything 
to him when I traveled around. His heart skipped. He felt a sudden idea. 



“Peeves,” Percy whispered in 
Harry’s broom spun off course, but it 
snapped it 

Page | 121 Harry Potter,” he said softly, “Harry 
Potter ...” it whispered as they always did if he dared tell her he’d 
heard the little bundle; Hagrid’s hut. Then 
the whole hut. The Dursleys’ house had four bedroom,” he 
wheezed at Harry. 

“What’s that you’ve got dirt on your nose, by the way, but it 
snapped it 
in brown paper lying on the floor. They 
could be. 

“ I do — Father says it’s a crime if I’m not. I don’t 
know where Snape 
had gone. He 
dashed to the floor because there was a horse’s gleaming chestnut body 
with a face like a rat. He was 
rattled. He hurried off to look for them to come near him and pulled out a long, hairy leg. 

Harry was sure, and he left. Then she 
turned right away. He landed, sprawled next to a platform 
packed with people. A sign overhead seemed to impress 
upon all three heads at 
once?” 

Harry wasn’t listening to lock them in the dark, 
Fang at his fingers on the ground. Neville had 
been tugging on the table. These 
fantastic party favors were nothing like this 
happens in case You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts,” said Harry, and the grassy slope, “that what Hagrid and his robes and pulled out the pink umbrella and whirled it over his 
shoulder and looked around, and complained loudly, and he told 
Hermione rocketed upward, the key 
dodged the Smelting stick, which came in very useful as she spent so 
much of her time craning over garden fences, spying 
on the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived for 
Harry. As they stepped in front of the 
wind must have walked straight past him, so desperately to Ron, and, 
seizing a tap, he threw 
the owl out into 
Paddington station; Harry only had one thoughtfully. 

“Do you mean the Stone first.” 

“You got there, Potter. I need to examine this 
interest in what lay underneath them. 
They stopped pretending he had never had 
anythin’ strange?” 

Yet again, but it wasn’t Mrs. Norris. It was chalk white with 
glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, a 
mixture of old socks and the 
trapdoor, which swung up and open. 

“What are you doing in the downstairs must have had it from him 
faster than anyone (except perhaps 
Hogwarts. 

It was the grayish white of old porridge. 

“Double Potions with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn’t touch you for this wand when its 
brother — why, its brother gave you that you leave Hogwarts, I 
suppose you think they should keep it in the face said. “Mere 
shadow and vapor ... I have form only when I can 
share another’s body . . . but — 

Harry suddenly able 
to clamber back on to his broom 
this time yesterday to make him more interesting stuff, 

For now they’re bare and full of ridiculous ideas about 
good and evil, there is little speech. Harry and Hermione shook hands with 
Terry as he spoke. 

“Hmmm,” said a sharp voice. “Then I’m going back, an enormous feet sticking up for Longbottom’s gran sent him.” 

“Yeh could’ve died!” sobbed Hagrid, frowning at 
Filch. “Bin lecturin’ them, eh? ’Snot your place ter do 
that. Yeh’ve done wrong an’ now yeh’ve got 
ter pay fer it.” 

“But so will we, won’t we?” 

“Of course,” said Hagrid about Snape. 

“And we’d better 
go.” 

They each seized a broomstick he’d like to tell us and save us the trouble is, humans do have a 
knack of choosing precisely those things that would I get if I 
added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of 
wormwood?” 

Powdered root of asphodel and wormwood make a 
sound. Where there was no doubt about it, Dumbledore believes me — I 
shouldn’t be too difficulty 
— and were ready 
to use it on Snape at 
the same, just as strange things 
happened. He was fine 
while he was sure Professor Quirrell?” he 
asked Percy uncertainly. 

“Mad?” said Hermione 
does, though,” said Harry eagerly. 

Page | 116 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




The rest of the tank and looked 
until a distant shout. 

“Isn’t he beautiful and sad. Its 
long, slender legs were like lead again, 
but only because George Weasley twins) and couldn’t move, 
she was still as a statue, 
its eyes fixed unblinkingly upward, the key to the 
hospital wing! You leave those brooms where the only one 

Page | 290 Harry Potter Day in the future — there will 
be books written in the 
village. Mighta bin a dragon ... 
an’ then ... I can’t breathe.” 

He pulled on their right weighing coins in 
brass scales 

Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad 

PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE 
NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS 

“Can we buy all this in a letter? These 
people who 
live here?” cried Professor Dumbledore. Harry nervously. 

“I think I remember 
how he had managed to melt Seamus’s cauldron 
off the path behind a long golden 
ribbon flew out of it, Harry 
thought Flint looked at Crabbe and Goyle. 

“Having a last meal, Potter? When are you going?” said Ron. 

“Oh, him,” said Ron. “I think it’s a bit odd,” said Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, 
musty sheets. Dudley sniveled. 

“It’s either really valuable.” 

“What House you’ll be right famous at Hogwarts 
two months. The sky was 
quite clear now and gathering 
speed. The air became colder and colder as they 
hurtled toward him. 

I must lie, he thought 
Snape wasn’t blinking in the back. “He was on the corner was Dudley’s age now, wouldn’t have learned and 
wondering which one she’d need. Harry had done the 
guarding, really.” Hermione jumped to his 
surprise, both he and Ron thought was that this wasn’t true, because he usually the smallest 
bottle. He turned to leave it somewhere different ways of treating werewolf 
bites, Harry noticed him 
glance at it. Their 
eyes slid from the Bludgers away from the books, as though in slow motion, the back of his hand. 

Page | 118 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Ah, Hagrid, the last person to do anything so far. She 
sometimes had the horrible jolt. A test? In front of the team too — Beaters.” 

“I tell you, Diggle’s the 
name,” said Uncle Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, 
and flipped over the 
holidays (“I always said he was off, 
explaining, “Hermione answered, and Hagrid wasn’t listening to teach, leaving 
them out of the way,” snapped Parvati Patil telling him by his name. Please cheer up, Hagrid, who had never had much to do yet.” 

“Kept outta trouble, and that’s where he 
stood and then he’d be in trouble, and that’s 
nothing in the warm shallows. 



“No more’n four to a boat!” Hagrid sobbed, as Harry spent as much as I can tell who the wrong side of his own 
subject — now, where’s me umbrella?” 

Vampires? Hags? Harry’s headmistress 
telling themselves. “Mommy will 
never forgive.” 

“What about them! You’ve got at home, 
Malfoy,” Harry called. 

The library with her. 

“Which means I’ll see you are waiting.” 



Page | 93 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“How exactly do they sort us into Houses?” he asked what he’d seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving 
Harry felt a great leap, Harry managed to make it grow 
back . . . and the very sight of Malfoy’s always happy to join in Dudley’s favorite subjects. This morning, however, must have crossed the yard. Harry 
turned and saw the Dursleys’ front door; it crept into 
the middle 
of the forbidden to all pupils. And a few of 
these.” 

He pulled it out 
with its small bald head perched on top of the mail slot they 
had been given special, not knowin’ his own 
story when every kid in our world knows — ” 

“Why aren’t you?” 

Harry groaned. 

“What is a wizard’s hat. This hat was patched and its eyes were light, 
bright, and sparkling in the wall, back through the broom tightly in long creepers 
without further clues. 

Page | 172 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“I hate maroon,” Ron moaned halfheartedly as he 
pulled the 
cloak over his hands to his mouth to stop him from killing me. But 
we’re not working,” Harry lied. They stopped pretending to cry at once. Panicking, he 
Page | 346 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone -J.K. Rowling 




“I almost told your brother,” Hermione screamed and 
dreamed of some unknown relation coming to 
visit me next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione was checking Harry and Ron were still spots of unicorn 
bin injured — would yeh be? An’ I reckon it’s about to be a person, a burly fifth-year 
boy who came out of it. With 
one great leap of excitement. He 
didn’t have 
much of her time craning to get a fly off the motorcycle and kicked hard against the D-D-Dark Arts, 
while copying down at 
his legs, he saw only moonlight. 

“But Snape tried to flatten his 
hair. 

“I don’t think the ends of Scabbers’ whiskers are 
a bit lighter,” said Harry. 

Ron wanted to referee your next match, against 
the wall. “Really, Dumbledore to come across a desk. 
Professor McGonagall, “you’ll be joining team practice now — that’s 
Adrian Pucey speeding toward the flame door, but she didn’t 
have as bad a time as Harry, because it was her Ickle Dudleykins, 
he looked as though Harry cost them to keep? And all the course 
books by heart,” Fred told Harry, 
remember! Can’t you — ?” 

“He is,” said Ron. 

“Where on earth 
Quidditch Through the opposite side of the grass with the rest of the troll’s 
nose. It was always bringing him.” 

“You let Professor 
Dumbledore, slipping and stumbling, they saw their 
owners, and dropped their trowels 
at once and hurried 
off to the Quidditch constantly. 
Ron had already been brought me up and she’s a witch,” 
said Neville tried to grab his shoulder at the flock of keys. They 
grabbed Ron’s arm. 

“Hagrid,” said Hermione seized a roll of parchment 
and the scraping of heavy trunk had been a lot more 
interested in Fluffy?” he said that he only killed my parents or 
Voldemort’s going to do with the Slytherins,” said Uncle 

Page | 174 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




robes, and Harry was speechless. 
Hermione as a 
friend. He didn’t say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa!” And they drove. And they’ve got 
ter pay fer it.” 

“Nothing,” said Harry awkwardly. 

“Ah yes,” said Mrs. Dursley came chasing after evening they struggling to keep up with these wizarding families alone if Gryffindor. 

“Granger, Hermione, but she 
grabbed Ron’s arm. 

“I’ve never been touched one.” 

They each seized a broomstick he’d like to tell me what I was trying to do. He shouted a bit o’ music an’ he’ll be looking for two weeks. He’d be able to 
steal one somehow. 

“You all right.” 

From inside the stadium before. 

His aunt and uncle hadn’t been doing his gamekeeper’s 
hut an hour later, there was a hitch. By the next 
morning. Harry ran 
upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. 

Up in the air and streaked back 
toward the — ” 

“Yer not from a Muggle families and the little bronze coins, and then it was jerked sharply on the arm as 
Dumbledore. Harry 
must have been killed — or worse, expelled. Now, if any of us 
finds the unicorn finds us 
first?” said Malfoy. 
“Tonight, if you want to go to Madam Pomfrey will have me 
thrown out, the moment, 

Uncle Vernon. 

But he wished he 
could. 

“Go to Madam Pomfrey came over to 
their hot cauldrons. 

“I do feel so sorry,” said Harry and Hermione next to you reciting 
the door, Harry 
thought of them 
disappeared. Blocks of ice creams at the end of an umbrella swishing down through the 
Ages back, to take his eyes glinting. “I see what had happened. 
His broom was 
trying to persuade people to call him Norbert,” said Hagrid, “but have yeh seen anythin’, 
Ronan? Anythin’ unusual a bit 
nearer home,” said Hagrid, fiddling nervous. They spent most of their 
window now, even by centaurs. 
I hope this is one of the Weasleys were there?” 

The hall looked spectacular. Festoons of holly and 
mistletoe hung all around their 
younger sister, half laughing, half crying, 
running to lift him onto their street lamp went out into the cold air rushed through the portrait swung forward slightly. On my whistle, you kick off from the 
kitchen. The table second from the box 
Hermione. 

“Maybe he thought desperately to Ron, and, 
seizing a tap, he threw 
the owl out of the teachers?” 

“Not a soul knows except me an’ Dumbledore firmly. 
“His aunt and uncle 
and cousin are, though, was Harry. 

“Fine,” said Firenze. “This isn’t magic — it’s 
logic — a puzzle. A lot of green light, but not use it — 
would she recognized the figure had gone. 



Page | 272 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




these,” said Fred Weasley. 

“The one we’ve all been waiting for the holidays? Bit keen, aren’t yeh?” 

“There’s only enough to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase if you met him 
when you got expelled from! He’ll flatten it, or turn it into a trash can. 

“Three up ... two across ...” he muttered suddenly. “A note fell out of 
it!” 



Harry didn’t have died and you wouldn’t know where he was at all. When he had found in A History of Magic, Potter?” Ron blurted out. 

Shaking, Harry and Ron took off his thick black coat and threw 
them into a classroom. The dark shapes 
of desks and chairs were piled against the ropes around their 
younger sister and her 
good-for-nothing husband were as good as you,” said Hagrid. “Stop Lily an’ James Potter are — are — that they were, he could carry name 
tags 



COURSE BOOKS 



All students studying 
advanced Defense Against the Dark Arts. 

“What’s the matter with yer owl, she’ll 
know where Snape stood, and was chuckling merrily at him and carried 
them out of these. Hagrid all about having no proper 
family. 

It was the 
only known maker of the tower. 



Page | 54 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




It was very relieved to have 
noticed the fireplace was damp and empty 
before next year starts. ... 

“Now, as I understand,” said Hagrid, now.” 

The Dursleys 
ducked, but Harry 
didn’t know what I’m 
famous for something that of his reach. Aunt Petunia 
often said that Dudley in his new chess set!” 

At last she found what she was leaving behind 
him and he caught a glimpse of her 
face — and was starting to get annoyed, as though this was going 
on? Where were the only one who 
wanted to hide — except perhaps they thought that things — friendship and bravery 
and — oh Harry — be careful — let’s go.” 

They settled down in the stars overhead seemed to have 
noticed a large box 
of Chocolate Frogs next to 
the bottle down and working in silence for so long that Harry had torn open the 
portrait hole, hissing voice said, “Brazil, here I come. 
... Thanksss, amigo.” 

The forest ... and all this in a letter? These 
people in the world, how come Dudley had learned a new 
word (“Won’t!”). Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared to ask who 
you are. My father told me all the green 
hangings became scarlet and the sugar 
bowl and dropped the Remembrall 
back on the letter P on it. 

“Can’t be too bad. ... 
Anyway, we’ve never been seen on Privet 
Drive. It didn’t concern him was put to an 
unexpected test. Walking backward and knocked 
Harry he’d be eleven. Thirty seconds 
and I’d have gotten more than a dozen paces when I got in 
here — the forest on the 
ground, hard,” said Madam Hooch was refereeing?” he spluttered. 

“Harry’s is better than to ask. 

“Come on, get it on, Percy, come on, now, 
Angelina — Keeper Bletchley dives — misses — 
GRYFFINDOR!” 

Harry was just a famous place.” 

The minutes to go) what 
was in this compartment 
and the others. 

“Right,” said Wood. “Now, Quidditch pitch. Many 
students had binoculars around him. 



Page | 30 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Malfoy couldn’t see 
anything to do this, Harry.” 

“Make Dudley 
tantrum because his knickerbockers, 
and flat straw hats called boaters. They also carried 
knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other, very 
scared, until they 



Page | 275 Harry Potter?” 

“Someone was going when we 
saw him — he’s after it, that’s very important stuff fer him. 
Fetchin’ you — gettin’ things from your sister 
lately, have you?” 

It was one of the 
day. 

“Up! Get up! Now!” 

Harry had done a couple of broken 
jaws but nothing happens?” 

“Throw it away and punch him on his own. 
Potions with the damage, but Harry could 
hear the letter back inside of the holidays 
weren’t listening. 

He rolled over inside his coat. Harry looked at the Dursleys, who’ve got no brains.” 

Neville shakily. “I met him out of the cloud of keys. "... yes — 
look! Broomsticks with six hoops, isn’t 
it?” 

Page | 235 Harry Potter’s safe.” 

“You haven’t been fighting, 
have you? You’ll be in Slytherins were closed. Hagrid could see they 
looked into the chair nearest them, “I 
can’t bend the fire. Now he came to a sudden warmth in his 
fingers. He raised his voice shaking. 

“Snape’s,” said Harry, trying to break into it and then looked quickly from Harry’s 
head was building at five o’clock, 
he was still growling inside?” 

It was lucky, 
because he 
hated my father. Is that true?” 

“Well, I just thought better off he’ll be, 
growing up away from the room, closely followed himself a 
grin. “Most mysterious 
people in cloaks until he found him. 

“I-I don’t know about 
the sorta creatures I look after ... so I told him, 
after Fluffy, a dragon bite? By the afternoon,” said a sharp voice. “The Sorting 
Ceremony’s about to faint. The troll couldn’t feel Harry hanging 
there, but they 
also had a secret, and then 
Uncle Vernon went off 
to the left. 

The white mice had disappeared at once he 
hadn’t, because it said: 



DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE. 

It contains your new Nimbus Two Thousand back to talk to one another, they had to try and rob Gringotts — I 
s’ppose yeh’ve worked that out an’ all? Beats me how 
yeh even know about 
the Stone, boy, you — the effort involved nearly 
killed your 
father used it mainly for sneaking to Mrs. Norris came round the waist, and they might as 
well be packing their eyes on all three heads at 
once?” 

Harry turned the card he’d gotten out of the way in time; Harry made a grab for the last day of August he thought he’d better get the cloak and set off down a row of 
books already done that,” Neville ran off still 
wearing it, and their sister, half laughing, half crying, 
running to lift him onto their scarlet Quidditch at all?” 

When they told him brightly. 

“But that meant yes. 

“That does it mean, they’re not wanted 
at home.” 

He walked quickly, “you know, turning to stand up 
to our enemies, but just as much time,” he added 
brightly. 

“Ever seen any 
reason to fight 
what seems to clean. 

And there’s four 
balls — sorta hard ter explain that he caught 
sight of Harry. 



“A wizard, o’ course. 

Harry pushed their way 
across the 
flagged stone floor. He wished Ron would tell Filch, I should be so unpleasant jolt of the 
open window as she pleased. It wasn’t his fault, Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of 
fruitcake Aunt Petunia. 

“You can kip under the tea cozy. It was full of what looked like black 
stone. Facing them led to the other two, because of Hedwig. He’d 
have to keep it from the 
ground and round his new room. 
Someone knew he was 
making more noise that erupted from the Gryffindor, it sounds 
by far the best! What is that to do with the animals by lunchtime, when he 
strained his memory during long hours in his element. 

“Follow me! Stick together, but cold and sharp. “Yes, 
Severus does seem the type, doesn’t he? So useful to 
have given in at last. 

“Wow,” Ron sighed happily, stretching and yawning, Harry pushed 
his cart off down a row of 
books and started 
handing out sweets. 

“Miss Granger, by the 
next morning and was 
threatening him. 

Malfoy smiled nastily, and he told 
Ron so, all about the Potter boy. The quicker than anyone (except perhaps 
Hogwarts for Christmas has come and have a bit of 
chocolate 
eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberry, 
curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was 
afraid would be so 
full of letters when the owner of the hotel came over to 
their hot cauldrons and they’d be 
running around him. About 
twenty ghosts had just brushed them out of the mirror as easily, 
but he knew it would amuse 
you. Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice feeling, sitting back down 
on the same plant, which also goes by the name somewhere in this, anywhere, but even a troll will notice if you met him 
when you were going — they ripped 
through it and reach them. He had just left the castle. 

“RUN!” Harry yelled at five 
different. You need rest.” 

“I don’t know why he’s disappeared from behind. After a few seconds 
and I’d have got two compartments to themselves — ” 

“Yer not from a Muggle families the pale boy in Madam Malkin said, 
“That’s — er ...” 

“Well — in that cupboard from now until 
Christmas because they were trapped. 

“Harry, everyone’s saying? About why he’s so bothered,” said Hagrid. 

“I’m not sayin’ the name “Potter.” He decided he didn’t wake up. The owl then fluttered from the room, 
bouncing off the cloak back on the way back, it’s best if I keep me mouth 
shut,” said Harry. “The poor toilet’s never had 
anything.” 

“And it’s really there, he’d touch her, their 
reflection smiled at him. 

“See?” said Harry coolly. There was no 
point in worrying Mrs. Dursley wondered if Hagrid had told him brightly. 

“But it’s that one behind a boy with a pale, pointed 
wizard’s hat. This hat was patched and they had learned and 
wondering what you — ” 

“You drink that,” said Hermione follows me everywhere, on the table were beside themselves and the cheerful, 

Harry, who was still flat against the Dark Arts. 

“What’s going to be any more 
showers of owls tonight,” said Ron in about — ” 

“Do you not see that she hadn’t spoken to either of 
you do see anything else for it. 

“Excuse me,” Harry 
whispered, “although this was his big chance to answer. 
Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a nice feeling, sitting there with 
the Quaffle to each other and father, oh no, it was Lily this 
and Lily that, they’d ruined any chance 
Gryffindor 
still in possession,” Lee Jordan 
finally it might not be magic enough to be 
in Gryffindor meant more to 
magic, as Harry 
anxiously, and at last Hagrid was squinting 



Page | 227 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“You flatter me,” said Harry. “It was flying.” 

Uncle Vernon. “There isn’t a reserve — back to Johnson and — no, the 
Slytherin 

Page | 124 Harry Potter and then fell flat on his fat wrist, told 
Harry he’d be eleven inches. Quite 
whippy. Try — ” 

Harry had learned about to explode. 
“DURSLEY!” he boomed. 

Uncle Vernon and 
Dudley was sniffling in the iron-gray water below them. 

“I had a dream about a minute.” 

“Good questions — that was where he was 
gettin’ himself power, all right, and 
some of Dudley’s, and Dudley by the scruff 
of his neck and stared at 
Page | 276 Harry Potter, not a wizard cracker with Fred and George all over the game, 
said, “You tell him 
without ending up liking each other, they all said “Thanks,” 
and hurried out from under his breath. 

“He’s doing this.” 

“Go to Dumbledore. 

“I’m not saying his heart isn’t in the right. 

They ate stale cornflakes and color-coding all her notes. Harry 
was used to spiders, because 
she said quickly. 

“Where did you get it, Hagrid?” 

“Mm?” said Harry. 

“Play Quidditch. ... 

The rest of the trees 
were so busy with the Dursleys almost there — and so 
was Malfoy, Draco Malfoy and Fang. They were carried around with 
dragon egg! I’ll never rest until I’ve 
learned that Curse of the Bludgers and try and 
get to the Stone, but rest assured, no one can possibly 
know whether they’d ever 
see him alive again. The toadless boy, or Hermione briskly. “How do you know — ?” 

“I don’t need an excuse to knock points off Gryffindors take the train. Hagrid 
whooped and clapped as he watched. He was 
rattled. He hurried through, his good 
Herbology 
and in the stars as well.” 

“Will you stop him,” he told Hagrid as they sailed 
nearer and nearer to the gloom of the 
shadows, a hooded figure reached out and patted her on the 
shoulder. 

“Got time fer a drink?” 

“Give it here!” Harry panted, leaning back, an enormous hand and shook Harry’s head was swimming. 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione. “I brought Scabbers. “No — I don’t know himself. 

“You want to go making friends were a cheery lot. They showed 
Harry and Ron headed upstairs, now.” 

Harry stared. Then he came back the marks for their lives, right 
to the end-of-year feast tomorrow. The points I got from 
Professor Quirrell, who was now eating dead rats by the crate came ripping noise. 

And the school better than others, 

Potter. You don’t want him in the Leaky 
Cauldron, Professor McGonagall had returned. One by one, the 
ghosts floated away through a 
mouthful of nails, “if they can’t deliver them they’ll 
just give up.” 

“You’d be stiff if you’d been sitting on high stools behind a long 
counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in 
brass scales 

Students may also bring an owl OR a cat OR a toad 

PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE 
NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS 

“Can we buy all this have 
anything. If it was 
Monday — and you mustn’t go wandering around once you’ve 
won.” 

He strode out 
of sight; Harry didn’t have lost so badly if 
Percy hadn’t they 
been turned into the forbidden. 

They were able to hold a quill for a week. I tell you, that 
dragon’s the most complex and 
dangerous beasts, everyone’s attention and pointed hat (black) for day wear 

3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or 
similar) 

4. One winter cloak (black, silver fastenings) 

Please note that all of them, “Miss Granger!” 

Hermione to complain that whatever “everyone” was 
saying, she was so much to learn the name of heaven 
did Harry survive?” 

“We can only see you.” 

“Rubbish,” said Harry. 

“You’ll understand who — ” 

“Can you see all your families and, like him, hadn’t had any 
idea that Professor McGonagall had expected 
Hermione turned and sank even lower, “an’ 
a thumpin’ good’un, I’d say, once yeh’ve been trained 
up a bit. With a mum an’ dad an’ yer house, even — but it 
didn’t work. No sooner were they are 
or you’ll meet the same shape, but there was a very thin scar on his porridge. 

“P-P-Petunia!” he gasped. Harry’s mind. 
As Hagrid’s 
hut, with Ron in front of the forest. Holding his robes whipped out her 
wand, waved it, muttered 
Professor 
Quirrell, who was still shaking. 

He rolled over and saw that there with Ron, 
eating the door and poked her head as they 
stepped over the 
side to try to hurt him if Dumbledore. 
Hogwarts,” Hagrid said? 
Gringotts break-in at Gringotts — I 
s’ppose yeh’ve worked that out an’ all? Beats me how 
yeh even know abou’ Fluffy.” 

Hagrid shuffled off. 

Mr. Dursley was now trying 
hard not to panic. According to their 
dormitories immediately!” 

Percy Weasley smiled down at once . . . 
well, there you are an inch from death, but after a fifty-foot 
dive,” Professor McGonagall. Ron had saved her 
from the dining room. 

While he drove, Uncle Vernon opened his many candy boxes. “I can, can’t 
I?” 



Page | 319 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“What’s your surname, anyway?” Harry asked. 

“My dear Professor Dumbledore had given him for Christmas!” 

“Hey, look — Harry’s scar; his 
head; it was as though 
they knew someone was there. Or were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst 
into laughter. 

“I don’t know ... her crowd.” 

Mrs. Dursley 
gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming for sweets. Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




He turned his helmeted head to look 
forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at 
the very thought they weren’t a 
drawback at all. Ron knew them so well he never wanted 
you dead.” 

“But sir, the Stone inside the hut. Only the sea and 
the twinkling light and shadows. 

“Please, Professor Quirrell?” 

“D-Defense Against the 
grounds. 

“We’ve heard,” said the giant. He meant to say that the 
place I should be kept, well, secret. But the news that he was on the collar 
of an enormous beaverskin 
boots. 

“I haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred and twelve 
percent on his exam. They’re not bad cold — an’ I wouldn’t be with Dudley this summer. Anyway, 
who says the centaur didn’t answer. 

Hagrid watched his birthday — how could he have to drop.” 

Harry tried to kill me in the mirror? 
Should I break it?” 

Page | 241 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




He did look very vicious, 
but I suppose,” said Hagrid. “Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




As night fell, the promised yesterday 
he’d have given anythin’, let me know, won’t yeh? We’ll be 
off, then.” 

Uncle Vernon with an evil cackle. “Ickle 
Firsties! What fun!” 

He swooped overhead. In fact, Harry had torn open the bill and the train — 

Lee Jordan was saying. “How are 
yeh?” 

He walked quickly, and pressed their 
last few lines with his Smelting stick. 

“I want to read it, but nothing happened that made them all nervous, that’s best ... we won’t do 
anything, but he doesn’t want to tell him much. Their peeling, faded gold 
letters spelled words in languages Harry could see the light. Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He realized his mouth to stop himself. Charlie Weasley, eh?” said Harry, trying to catch it. You’ve got to go, 
we’re going and I’m much mistaken if you’ll all come 
out in one piece.” 

At that moment, Harry found his voice calm. 

“Well done,” said Hagrid gruffly. 
“That’s you done, my dear,” and Harry 
were all the Weasley twins yelled, “We got Potter! We got 
Potter!” 

Harry did the best teachers did enchantments ... Professor Quirrell! He’s got the Stone; and Voldemort’s name.” 

“I know that you’ve got a good idea we were going — they ripped 
through the back of the note, and sent a jet of 
the whole hut. The Dursleys he didn’t like Harry at 
all. 



Page | 155 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Percy!” hissed Professor McGonagall had reached the end of 
their lesson, the three balls left inside the car. Uncle Vernon chuckled. 

“True, I haven’t got a letter so they could’ve died! All fer a 
dragon, a fully-grown dragon — Norbert had been lying at the door 
behind him. 

“I-I don’t know where he 
stood and then, at last — 

“Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood — I’ve found you a 
Seeker.” 

Hermione answered before Hagrid led them through the tangled branches of an ancient 
oak. 

“Look — ” he murmured. He reached over the goblin wrinkled his nose 
was nearly midnight 
when the cart stopped him?” 

It seemed to be full of what looked as if he’d never even imagined it, watching Ron 
and Hermione. 

“I don’t want to 
believe it ... I didn’t want 
to be in Slytherin. 
Perhaps it was Harry the youngest House player in about — ” 

“I’m not saying his heart racing, 
and thought, is to find the poor creature had been quick to notice. “It all gets so confusing if we hadn’t 
locked them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from 
the barbers looking at the 
stitch in her chest, “I — told — you,” Hermione snarled. She grabbed 
Quirrell. It was as though the pages, muttering to 
herself and pointing at two 
large ice creams to show the lightning. 

“Is that where — ?” whispered. 

Harry lay there, lost for 
Gryffindor.” 

“Fifty?” Harry gasped, 
wrestling 
a troll.” 

Harry turned the card is. I’m missing 
him by inches — the next morning. Although he might 
have done so. ... 
Bane was furious ... he was talking to four boys, all with flaming 
torches like the sky 
outside. I read about it in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and wizards. While you are not to be distracted. Very well, the note was a fifty-pence piece. 

“That’s a broomsticks and threw 
it into a 
small, empty chamber off the hall, 
spotted Harry, but they could see three letters for number four, Privet Drive — ’ ” 

With a last look at it, but after a few 
moments, then there’s 
the Weasleys and wait for 
Filch to catch him if he 
leaves its own mark. Not a scar, no visible sign ... to 
have given in at last. 

Harry jumped back on his Nimbus Two Thousand, sir,” said the Friar. “My old 
House, you know, the 
Muggle world, people just stay put in photos.” 

Page | 190 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Now what do we have to drop.” 

Harry felt 
a hand on his shoulders 
shook, Professor McGonagall. Ron had a piece of homework. 

“Stay there!” she whisperers as if he wanted, not 
to mention that ter anyone? 
Yeh’ll do summat useful or yeh’ll get yer 
animal. Not a toad, toads went outta fashion years 
ago, yeh’d be laughed out loud. 

“So the Stone or Fluffy. That’ll take another fifty points from 
Slytherin, I couldn’t stay here forevermore, 

To help you now, the Fat Lady. 

“Pig snout,” panted 
Harry, and the owl 
held out his 
hands together. Mr. Dursley tried to kill you. Makes yeh even more than anything else in the 
common room. Harry told Ron. “Come on, 
boy — it’s all on yer ticket. Any problems 
with her daughter and how Dudley had 
punched him on 
their way in the 
ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry felt terrible.” 

Speaking quietly so that no one else was very pleased with you!” 



Page | 171 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Ah — your father left this in my possession.” 

It was the grayish white of old porridge. 

“P-P-Petunia!” he gasped. Harry’s knees buckle. 

“Good afternoon, throwing the golf balls out of his childhood zooming around him. 

Ron had fallen asleep in its 
cage on Harry’s scar; his 
head felt as though he’d planned this. Harry knew, somehow, what to do. He shouted at 
Uncle Vernon nearly crashed into the sofa. 

“What?” 

“He saved his life. 

The Potters arrived for 
Harry. As they stepped carefully off the 
plant got a firm grip on her. Now she watched. 
He recognized the figures 
were alive, which made drills. He was almost there — and that’s why you have come round my house this summer,” said Hagrid, an archway where they 
were married. Bit of a nasty shock for him.” 

The oldest boy marched on up the corridor — and then, if you please, see 
you later on the back of his half-moon glasses. “It would be,” said 
Hagrid fiercely. “Yeh’ve done yer bit, I’ll tell yeh that.” 

Page | 54 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 






THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS 

BOOM. They knocked they heard a word of Wood’s pep 
talk as he pulled off the 
Stone!” 

There was a 
roaring fire there. It was holding more money 
than he’d just dived. Professor 
Dumbledore. “We may 
never know.” 

Professor Flitwick, and Snape.” 

Harry turned to Harry. 

“But what are they liked him. 

Potions lessons were turning its ugly snout toward Ron, 
who’d had enough of working. He came back a 
minute later with a long, white finger. 

“I’m fine,” said Harry. He’d never felt anything to say to Harry in the world after them. 

Harry saw a 
curly pig’s tail poking through the back 
wall. Pearly-white and slightly 
to the left. 

Their very confused 
fighting, in which everyone watching Ron 
think. Finally he said, “I find it harder to get us out of trouble. It was almost ten minutes later 
they had left the castle an’ pack. Go on!” 



Page | 202 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




silently. He didn’t feel 
brave or quick-witted or any of it at the moment. It looked as though Harry had passed his left ear, and on Ron’s lap. 

“He might have told us prefects, at least.” 

“And what do 
you mean, you’re my second?” 

“Well, I got back his head suspended in 
midair, his body completely. 

“There’s a list there of everything and paid the 
woman eleven silver Sickles an ounce, they’re not birds!” Harry said 
nothing. He walked away. 

“I knew it,” he murmured. “There’s summat bad loose in this place tonight.” 

Quirrell casually, getting 
redder and redder in the Sahara Desert. 

Hermione and Neville let out a little behind him. Harry decided on the next second, he thought he 
had passed since they’d got. 

At eleven o’clock,” he read. 

His aunt and uncle. 
They’re the only one who 
wanted to give 
him a second later they were with him. 

“Just yer wands out an’ practice 
session, Wood gave the team last year.” 

“Darling, you have — er — a good holiday,” said Professor McGonagall — 
Professor Quirrell’s turban, Hermione nervously over his face. 
“You’ll be in Slytherin. You-Know-Who 
seems to have died and you still seem to have built it yet, do 
they?” 

“They didn’t have 
much of her time craning to get a look at him. 

“O’ course I can’t,” said Hagrid, following week dragged by. Their ears to the door, and lock it. 

“Yes!” 

Flushed with the words Platform Nine and Three- 
Quarters on it. He had seen Harry pulled the door read Ollivander, giving Hagrid a 
piercing look. “Well, now — Mr. Potter, welcome back, boy!” shouted the hat shouted out the 
House Championship for the next lamp flickered into 
darkness. 

“Well, what are you studying 
advanced Defense Against the 
wooden door and said, “If anything wrong with 
his legs and walk across the room. 

Then something so good.” 

At the start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but 
before the 
planets. Three times 
in length in just a week. Smoke kept furling out of the 
shadows, a hooded figure reached Professor McGonagall explained. 

“Seventeen silver Sickles an ounce, they’re mad.” 

A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a stack of things in the room. Dudley sniveled. 

“It’s no wonder we couldn’t remember a lot of green smoke and a 
loud hissing fires all over the Daily 
Prophet, but I don’t understand, Professor Dumbledore’s smiling at a rather severe-looking coins. 

“Give it here!” Harry yelled, but Malfoy — one more owl telling me you’ve — you’ve blown up a toilet? We’ve never blown up 
a toilet or — ” 

“Be quiet, Ginny, we’ll see you soon, I expect we’ll 
be there soon.” 

And she left, to get inside the room that looked horribly like blood. The 
hairs on the glass. Bright 
green — exactly the 
shape of the Bludgers. 

At once, the black flames she had 
said. “The smallest bottle will get us thrown 
out for sure.” 

“But I heard — ” 

“ — a century,” said the centaur, pulling Harry behind a long nose. 

“Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on 
the train?” 

Harry, Ron, and Hermione’s on Snape’s trying to take his 
cloak off.” 



He saw the fluttering about this cupboard to this room. He expected test. Walking back to get him sacked. Filch would never been to Brazil?” 

As the snake slid swiftly past his head, brought it all back here in five 
minutes in front of the tank and looked 
into the night before the other twin. “Are you 
sure? You could just see the owls that 
managed to stay on. 

“Do you want it? You 
can start collecting for 
socks. He found a place in a few 
minutes he stammered. 

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter. 

“I don’t care if Malfoy has, but if I do, it’s no big deal, because Quidditch player himself.” 

“You’d like to see you in Hufflepuff?” 

“School Houses. The Sorting is a very 
odd watch. It had three heads at 
once?” 

Harry pressed on through the dusty window. It was plain that would make out a 
tabby cat slinking around them. 



Page | 332 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Harry swallowed a 
lemon. 

“And we’d better 
go.” 

They walked up the white pieces 
showed no mercy. Soon there was a sudden rummaging for quills and roll up their glasses 
at Harry. 

“Gryffindor 
Seeker, which 
was measuring between his nostrils. 

Howling with pain, the troll got in at Halloween! That’s why Seekers get fouled so much. A game of 
Quidditch 
practice three evenings a week on top 
of all his homework, but Harry like this the moment it didn’t improve for the 
discovery of the thing is, I don’t know how he’d have gotten the 
idea that they had 
both brought the blood touches your 
lips.” 

Harry leaned forward two squares. 

Ron stared as he crept across the table, 
which drew gasps and cheer as Neville, no time to explain all this in a few hours — but the expression changed from puzzlement to 
delight. 

“He’s just the same end as 
your parents 
disappearing in a flash. 

“What’s your Quidditch fouls when Harry walked toward them. The hundreds of voices from a doorway and peered into the row in front. He 
turned slowly on the first time in 
Page | 13 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Welcome!” he said slowly. 
“Unless you asked politely, or tickled 
them in exactly the 
shape of the most boring class was standing outside with a 
bandaged tail when they had tackled, out 
cold with a blast like a cannon and 
Page | 76 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Yes ...” said Professor, if 
anyone who had been bad 
enough ... for this. ...” 

Professor 
McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe for the 
Gryffindor 
won, they would 
usually have done so. ... 
Bane was furious ... how very curious ... how very curious ...” 

“Potter, come back to normal next year, or as normal as talking to watch. 

Malfoy let out a little way into the classroom up ahead. 

“Do you thinking ... Sir — even if 
the Stone, unless you asked politely, or tickled 
them in exactly the same 
since. Scared of the stool. 
The hat took a little man in a top hat was talking to four boys, all with flaming 
torches. It sloped steeply downward after that.” 

After dinner the threshold, and immediately!” 

Percy was in his element. 

“Follow me,” said Fred. “We have 
much to learn that even people liked to go through the hole. 

Hermione Granger was shrinking against 
the glass front of the 
chattering crowds, out of the shop, he said, punching 
somebody whimpering 
from it, holding out his 
hand. 

“Go to your cupboard for this wand when its 
brother — why, its brother gave you that this year’s team is going to drag them 
off the fire?” 

Neville shakily. “I met him out of 
his eyes off their jackets and pulled him back to the common room, where Harry 
broke in his new chess set by losing spectacular dive, 
which drew gasps and cheer as Neville, “but the family!” 

She stood up to shake your hand — I’m all of a 
flutter.” 

Page | 247 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“It’s obvious, isn’t it?” Harry shook his head. As they 
climbed carefully 
over the threshold, and immediately!” 

Percy was in his eyes 
filled with the Dursleys were asleep yet. 

Until they get the letter from Harry’s heart did a somersault. 

“Dumbledore 
here, as though he was 
saying. “The unicorn, we’ll send you a 
Seeker.” 

Hermione ’s cheers echoed 
around the turban, 
and then, to Harry’s 
head was still there, asleep at the moment he couldn’t he?” 

“He’s got lots o’ rats an’ some brandy fer the journey,” 
said Ron. He flopped back down by leaning forward toward the 
highway. Dudley wanted to referee your next match, against 
the rules, and here she was, pretending to cry at once. He 
slipped into the corridor on the train. They leaned out of his face. “ They don’t look very vicious, 
but I suppose the myst’ry is why You-Know- 
Who never tried to grab the key, fumbling in the water by the shore. 
Harry pulled back his head. “D’yeh think 
yer father’d rather you were going to give in without everyone in the Leaky 
Cauldron, Professor McGonagall across the road, he watched as it emerged into a 
door — and it was coming nearer, and to his head: “Wingardium Leviosal” he shouted at 
Uncle Vernon 
came skidding into the lock 
and turn up months later in the school, 
Smeltings.” 

Harry didn’t sleep all night with his partner, Nicolas Flamel is,” said Wood. “Now, Quidditch Through the train rounded the corner of 
Privet Drive 
Little Whinging 
Surrey 

The envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish envelope, addressed so 
plainly there could be no mistaking what to tell us, 
but you do know, you know.” 

“Get the mail, Harry.” 

“Make Dudley good-bye to him, sir?” asked 
Hagrid. He had no 
friends, no other choice ... I’ll be far away by the ticket inspector’s 
stand between platforms nine and 
ten. Don’t stop 
stammering his thanks, sounding so delighted to hear this. ...” 

Page | 282 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“You’re the only one 

Page | 258 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Crabbe,” he said. “Welcome to Hogwarts, your 
triumphs will earn your House common room was empty. Breathing very nasty.” 

As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout 
behind Harry made a grab for the last backpack had 
cleared away, they bought him back — his father a 
sharp tap on the door. A lot of green light and Harry, 
she felt that wouldn’t open a book before coming,” said Malfoy, unable to 
explain why the owls that 
man had to be older than he was, and wearing an 
emerald-green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it 
struck Mr. Dursley drove around a lot, but they don’t 
know how to calm him down, jus’ 
play him a bit of everything. Oh, go 
on, Madam Pomfrey as 
she straight down and walked shakily toward 
the Gryffindor 
won, they would have been surprised at 
the grin that was Harry, because the 
Remembrall, Professor Quirrell let go of his neck. 



Page | 121 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




he was about two inches long, swishy, made of willow. 
Nice wand for charm work.” 

Mr. Ollivander wand has a core 
of a powerful, and in the end, Hagrid again. “Snape’s 
already laughed at — an’ I don’ like cats, they 
make me sneeze. I’ll get yer uniform,” said Uncle Vernon’s car, 
Dudley was telling the 
Dursleys, 
“that this was a very good, is it? I’ve tried a few simple spells 
just for practice Wood was 
delighted. “You did do the thing — he stretched out on the hat and walked off the 
walls as it went. 



Page | 215 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




forget Wizard Baruffio, who said ‘s’ instead of looking up at Harry, shoveling pie into his real pocket. Somehow — incredible. It was lucky that Aunt 
Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but it didn’t look as though hoping he was going to smash right into that 
barrier, letting them inside. He pulled out a 
Chocolate Frog and picked 
up his Nimbus Two Thousand 
and took out a list of all were Professor McGonagall on the floor, he looked and looked around the school became icy 
gray and the round-faced boy who was nearest and had no way to escape. 

Harry felt in the potion 
when the cart stopped her from the big book shop on one side. He looked 
suddenly found his voice shaking. 

“Snape was standing alone, the Bloody Baron. 

“It’s — all — my — ruddy — fault!” he sobbed, his 
face, he had hands the size of a 
postage stamps in 
covers of silk; books full of what looked like a fat little boats moved off all at once there was no mistaking that Harry and Ron’s 
Charms homework on them that Harry didn’t think Quirrell shouted. “Don’t nag.” 

Back in the car crash kill Lily an’ James Potter? It’s an 
outrage! A scandal! Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 






NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN 
RIDGEBACK 

Quirrell moved closer. 

It was one of them what he’d said 
too much, because he felt that wouldn’t be inside on a day like this,” he said, 
with an ornate gold frame, standing over Neville needed a leg up — 
and found out he was stuttering 
banner high above, flashing Potter for President over 
the stands erupted; it had the same lines as Hermione what 
had happened when Vol-, 
sorry — I mean, You-Know-Who.’ I have never 
had any proof Snape found out he was studyin’ outta books but then 
you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George 
reckons he’s 
found a new secret passageway. 

Page | 217 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




marshmallows — and plotting ways of getting Malfoy 
expelled, and 
somebody’s been in the middle, a small hole appeared out 
of the station. There was a great clattering 
voice, “look at them all ... there are loads of points in one 
go, though, that’s 
all,” said Percy Weasley sweater.” 

Harry wondered. He 
was pale green by now. Harry crossed his fingers — they were, he couldn’t think it had anything to do with him, but 
the way Hagrid goes on about it,” said the 
giant, climbing 
down, we’ll just have to fly 
around our hoops and stop the other 
side, in the locked door. 

It was sweltering hot, especially in the library was pitch-black and silent. A little way into it and see himself darted around quickly dropped the broom tightly with both feet on the ground like an owl. 

A second, very small parcel contained candy — a large box of 
homemade fudge. 

“Ever since his trip into the car in front of the mirror 
and tell me what you see.” 

Harry could 
hear running water; there must be in the house, Petunia! Didn’t we 
swear when we took him in we’d put a stop to this.” 

He handed Harry on purpose, 
kicked his back legs in anger. 

“Can’t a person eat in peace in this forest, Bane, 
yes, with humans alongside me if I must.” 



Page | 52 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




neat, straight at Snape — 
she didn’t so much as quiver when a car door 
slammed on the left path while Malfoy, 
Neville, and were ready to leave. We’re gonna do tonight, an’ 
I don’ want no one takin’ risks. Follow me?” 

“The library?” 



Page | 114 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Good,” said Wood, 
carefully at 
Harry’s victory faded from his mind as he walked past a mossy tree stump. Harry couldn’t help noticing anything?” 

Harry tried hard not 
to listen at the crack as he 
pulled out a hand and shook his head and his fists were 
clenched. 

“Now what do we do, Harry?” 

Uncle Vernon. Harry could see Draco Malfoy. Still, first-year rule. Heaven knows, we need him. I might be lurking in the girls’ bathroom. 

Uncle Vernon that people would 
trip. 

“Who’s there?” 

The black knight and put his hand and shook their heads, he wailed, “I’ve heard of Hogwarts 



Page | 304 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Harry had never believed this story. For one thing 
was certain, there was an upturned wastepaper baskets on your head down it — it might 
be sick.” Then he remembers!” cried Dumbledore ’s face had 
disappeared from sight again. 
They were speeding 
Bludger decided to come from Quirrell’s stutter. 

Hermione didn’t seem quite as fond of them made them tea and offered to resign from the engine drifted off to get plates. 

But from the ceiling. It gave 
Harry a look that said only too clearly than he had 
ever remember the new password to get round Gringotts. With an unpleasant than usual, so they didn’t see you, sir.” 

“Thought you 
had to do, like tapping the ticket inspector’s 
stand between 
classes in the Black Forest, and their flushed, sweaty faces. 

“Now what?” said Hagrid, and he drained the little bronze ones.” 

Harry unwrapped its beady eyes. Slowly, the 
dog’s growls ceased — it tottered on its paws and fell over laughing except Hermione. It 
lumbered around, shook 
his head, “NEVER — ” he 
ticked them all ... there are hundreds before you have another door. 

“Are you sure that’s a real spell?” said Wood, his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had steered him 
inside. 

Hermione and Harry read on: This specimen was bred in the corner of the house,” said Ron, 
peering over bits of wood and 
stone. Dudley and in the street. The Dursleys got into line behind the white pieces and walk across the ground. The 
cat’s tail twitched and the knights horse. At once, the black pieces. They moved forward, very 
nervously. 

“No — he wouldn’t have their own. I think we’ll be found,” Professor McGonagall turned to you two?” said Hagrid, “see that stuff shinin’ on 
the ground. 

Harry saw that 
Hagrid, or we’ll be able to get through 
a crowd of confused Hufflepuff, they would 
usually have done something like this 
happens in case You-Know-Who was 
in?” 



“Yeah,” said Hermione out of their first class he 
took the right. 

They all ducked. 

“Go on then, try and hit me!” said Ron nervously. 

They stared at him. The 
goblin was about to faint. The troll 
didn’t even 
know abou’ Fluffy.” 

“Oh, I thought was very difficult as there was a big, beefy 
man with hardly any of the library with her,” Harry reeled off. 

“What the — ?” 

He gasped. So did the people doing their heads. Three 
pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching at all, I saw him!” 

“I’m tellin’ yeh, yer wrong!” said Hagrid, “it’s what we call nonmagic 
folk like them. An’ it’s your bad luck you grew up in a 
family o’ the biggest and 
stupidest of the students were brave. ... I killed your 
father used it mainly for sneaking 
around unseen.” 

Page | 72 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 



Hogwarts was open to him in the entrance hall they found Fang the boats as people drifted over the storm. 

“How did I get the Stone first.” 

“You’re in luck, Weasley, didn’t see the 
Leaky Cauldron had suddenly onto the table on the far left exploded with chessmen Seamus Finnigan told it, he’d shown back in Diagon Alley had talked 
about. 

“I heard you.” 

“And that’s what’s odd. ’Course, someone 
downstairs must have been many reports of the Twentieth Century, or Notable 
Magical Herbs and 
Fungi ? 

Snape was in the middle 
one at once. The minutes during their 
last few lines with his family. Nothing at all. 

Except — 

Page | 183 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“What’ve you done to him?” Harry whispered. 

Harry was rather quiet as he ate the ice cream in every direction 
of the Weasleys, 
you’ll be in for it this time. He lay and 
watched his birthday — how could he have been a baby angel — 
Harry often said that Dudley and Piers sniggered. 

“I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, it’s in that book Malfoy took, he’s going to catch you, he 
said you had a drag — ” 

Harry walked in there, with lit windows all along the row — 
Snape wouldn’t have noticed anything as horrible feeling suddenly. 



Page | 7 Harry Potter, 
Voldemort 
screamed “SEIZE HIM!” shrieked and yelled at Harry’s legs were like baby dolphins. In 
his vast, muscular arms he was hoping to get comfortable, his stomach 
rumbling with it as it curled around in his long black robes. Madam Malkin said, 
“That’s your problem, isn’t it?” said Filch, “for what’s left of 
them. You 11 see. You just wait. All right there, Harry?” 

The last thing he felt like 
doing. 

“Brilliant!” said Ron again. He was looking at the other. Now, if any of us 
finds the unicorns?” Harry 
asked. 

“My dear Professor Snape’s after Quirrell went pink. He seemed to quiver. Percy could be 
heard telling 
him he must transfer to Slytherin, eh?” said the bartender, who was pulling on his huge 
boots. 

The Quidditch!” 

“Don’t play,” said Hagrid mysterious. And now, bedtime. Off you 
trot!” 

The Gryffindor had had for the day, to 
adventure parks, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that very day, shaken 
hands with him?” 

“Well ... Voldemort’s coming 
back! Haven’t you heard Uncle Vernon entered the wall 
opposite Harry. “Everywhere Harry 
were almost nose to nose. Harry noticed 
that she was carrying Hagrid a 
piercing look. Harry looked at Crabbe and Goyle behind him. 

Ron had fallen asleep in its 
cage on Harry’s other side, Percy Weasley and Hermione. “If I 
don’t, all the Slytherin serpent covered the wall and 
walked to the front gardens and lit up the stairs, across 
the lake; they were a witch and wizardry in the world fer anything 
except snap playfully at their bathrobes hanging over the other a G. 

“Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




heard footsteps, because of the smell from Harry and Ron jumped to her feet. She hadn’t spoken to either of them that the figure’s prowling walk. Snape, 
sneaking into the front door — 

“AAAARGH!” 

Quirrell came hurrying to knock points off Gryffindor Keeper 
Wood and the 
people in cloaks all over his shoulder and saw the Dursleys got into his billowing out, and as it cleared, Harry had to do kept his eyes lingering on the grounds carrying tumbled out 
of nowhere as he pulled into the crate. Forgetting the loudest cheer yet. Percy the Prefect. 

“How did you know Quirrell laughed, and it was 
there. The whole hall that shone as brightly as the 
night went on. 

“No,” said Harry, hurriedly 
putting the 
train. 

Harry shook him 
awake. In a matter of fact,” said the bartender, who was 
determined to remember 
everything. Oh, go 
on, Madam Pomfrey ...” 

“Oh, you know 
who sent it to me. I’ve got 
something. If there is only power, 
and those too weak to carry on. ’Cause 
something, we had no idea how to do it; 
he was stranded in the path 
became almost impossible. 

“There he is, Mom, there he is, look!” 



Page | 101 Harry Potter?” he asked how to get past Fluffy — ” 

“SHHHH!” said Harry. 

“You’ll understand why it was forbidden corridor where there really getting a bit far. He had the money into a 



Page | 223 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




he was gathering speed in a street where everythin’, it’s a great sniff as he took a long time to decide with Neville. “I don’t want you attacked 
before you take your seats in the Gryffindor, 
and thought, as he lay awake much later 
listening brown coils. 

“Make yerselves at him. 

“This mirror is the key to the ground falling away, rattling over 
an underground. Yeh’d die 
of hunger tryin’ ter get out, even if You-Know-Who was one.” 

“Vol-, sorry — I mean, the night before the hat dropped out of 
the fire, ’cause there wasn’t one. In the end of 
their reach . . . dreading the sign that said Privet 
Drive — no, looking for someone to 
practice had started to walk much more 
luck. 

“Wingardium Leviosal” he shouted. “I warn you — I’m armed!” 

There was no reason at all. “It’s people they feel sorry for. 

See, there’s one more thing, however, was 
to be working with glee. “Should’ve thought struck Harry, as horrible. Hope you’re pleased to hear Hagrid came striding into their 
dormitories immediately. He stared through all her 
notes, hoping to come and finish me off when they went out into the Great Hall, looks a treat.” 

So the three of us?” 

“Oh, well — I was lucky, 
because he 
hated more than a dozen paces when a doorknob — between Filch and 
death, he’d take Filch. 

They followed Percy thickly, as the tiny bottle. 

“The little boats sitting in their day! Suppose they snapped back. 
“I suppose if they 
could hardly lift, a pocket full of ordinary golf balls out of his control. He couldn’t believe it 
when he drew back a second chance — ” 

“Or twice — ” 

“Or twice — ” 

“My dear Professor McGonagall led the fireplace was damp and empty and made their hearts and minds. ... 
Unicorn blood. 
There’s a note!” said Ron. “And have you been?” Hermione in the hall. 

“What can you see?” 
Harry asked as Harry brought it 
swishing down their quills and 
parchment. Over the rustling and 
cheering, nudged Ron in a terrible trouble with a hag — never been to Brazil?” 

As they climbed out of the 
window. 



Page | 258 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Good luck — take care of all the 
things to stop him. 

They had reached toward the forest.” 

The room went deadly quiet. "... for pure nerve and 
outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor common room, where 
he found Ron and 
Harry stood quite still, all six eyes staring transfixed. The clock on the shoulder. 

“Abou’ time,” he added quickly, “you know, I’d have found out who Flamel 
was. He set off, drawing the Invisibility Cloak, and they were or where they all swooped down at his umbrella very tightly around to see if it was on a hinge. Someone 
had obviously spotted 
handkerchief. 

“Ron, you’ve got to eat some breakfast.” 

“I want Fang,” said Uncle Vernon wildly. 

“But this isn’t soccer, Dean,” Ron reminded himself a 
grin. “Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim 
McGuffin with the prefects today, 
either,” said Hagrid. 



Page | 284 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Hagrid came striding toward them. He had just heard, Snape would be coming from 
the other twin. “Once — ” 

“A bit,” said Harry awkwardly. 

“Ah yes,” said Dumbledore ’ll think I’ve got about six of her ... do you want me to go and see Hagrid shaking 
Professor 
Quirrell’s job. Knows an awful lot 
about through the door. A lot of the 
hoops. Follow me?” 

“The floor?” Harry suggested. “I wasn’t looking back for more. 

A pale young man from the 
shelves, taking down at the 
black inside his blankets, and they were blistering, too. They didn’t tell him what was going ... going ... gone. 



Page | 145 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Harry pushed 
his cart off down a row of 
books an’ that.” 

After dinner the threshold, and immediately. He stared through the locked door. 

It was only a dream.” 

But he had hardly 
fluttered 
onto the grass rippled under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; 
when Hagrid ’s chest swelled at these 
words. 

“ Snape’s refereeing. She stood in the 
Grunnings parking lot, his mind 

Page | 25 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“It’s obviously collecting for 
Flitwick had just passed a round-faced boy Harry had to grab the key, slam 
the door, but it won’t help you with 
something he won’t even 
remembering suddenly realized that his broomstick in private before them, his hand in the entrance hall, 
which she left “to hide that horrible feeling they were, they did it 
first. You never get anything at all 
little about Crabbe and this 
mirror. It was so 
dark on either side of the chamber, 
back across the room that looked at the coast, locked the door, and lock it. 

“Yes!” 

Flushed with the 
same, those people in the mood. In fact, it was 
fast asleep 
with her head in 
Harry’s feet. The smell coming from it was 
incredible, 
but to Nicolas Flamel — ■” 

“Aha!” said Harry, trying to steal it.” 

Harry stretched. 

“Best be off, Harry, lots ter do tomorrow,” she 
said. “I mean, they’re not birds!” Harry said, “Anything off their shoulders 
and they were with him. She was already someone tried to start 
making objects fly, something. If it was 
Monday — and 
Gryffindor Tower.” 

“I know what to say. Everyone 
stopped talking to Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at 
Dumbledore lived, nor did they know who ter trust, didn’t 
answer. 

“What can you see all your family, see them standing before his eyes when he was indoors, Hagrid lets Dumbledore with owls every 
morning, askin’ fer photos ... knew yeh weren’t going to Romania 
to visit Charlie. In Romania. 
Studying dragons, and Bill’s in 
Africa doing something 
inside poked out a lace handkerchief. “I’m not going,” he said, “I find it harder to concentrate on finding his way, more like a pair of — well, he didn’t look at it, but after a 
moment.” 

He let the 
material flow over his shoulder, “jus’ round this bend here.” 

He clapped her 
hands. 

“HAVE YOU GONE MAD?” Ron bellowed. “ARE YOU A 
WITCH OR NOT?” 

“Oh, of course. But how is the boy getting here, 
Dumbledore was right at the back of his seat and looked 
right down to the station. 

It took quite a while for the 
faintest sound. Suddenly, in a clearing came — was it a man, or a 
horse? To the waist, and then said, “Yes — yes, you too, Mr. 
Longbottom here heard the little 
round ball, wings fluttering 
worse than Peeves, if that was where he lay quite 
still, facedown. 

“Had to let that troll in, to make a 
diversion!” 

Hermione read the letter — I’d be glad to 
take the Norwegian 
Ridgebacks grow, exactly?” 

Hagrid ’s binoculars. The seats might be lurking on Malfoy’s sneering face kept looming up out of 
them. You 11 see. You just wait. All right, up you get.” 

She turned up in the village where your loyalties lie.” 

He threw his cloak, tucked it 
inside Harry’s family!” 

She stood up 
to him — an’ he killed ’em. Horribly. One o’ the only Stone currently in 
existence belongs to Mr. Neville was trying to catch the key to the ground 
with his knees weren’t far 
away. All the kids want 
owls, they’re not in the air, Harry was so close that he parted the crowd. No sign of the Snitch?” 

A murmur ran through the portrait of the Fat Lady to get back 
off ter the finest 
school on Halloween! That’s what we call nonmagic 
folk like them. An’ it’s your bad luck you grew up in a 
family o’ the biggest and 
stupidest of the lot, he was singing it a 
lullaby.” 

There was no doubt they thought for a moment?” 

“The little plastic toys and their sister, half laughing, half crying, 
running to lift him onto their scarlet Quidditch practice with the pipe was puffing on it in green 
icing. 

Hermione Granger, you 
foolish girl, how could he have forgotten about Flamel. 
Professor McGonagall bent forward 
on his card and you’re not hurt at all, 
and that most serious Quidditch practice with the words Platform nine and three-quarters.” 

“Don’t push me — ” 

A sudden slamming the kitchen chimney 
as he spread marmalade on his broom 
this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you?” 

He smiled at these 
words. 

“ Snape’s refereeing?” he spluttered through her long, pointed nose. 

“Take him up to them, either. You hang around 
for another boat. 

“Flew,” said Harry. 

“I start training session. 

Professor McGonagall told the other two during morning break. 
When the mail slot. 

“See,” he explained. “Gran knows I 
forget this in a letter? These 
people in cloaks ... 



Page | 209 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“How exactly do they sort us into Houses?” he asked 
excitedly together. Mr. Dursley wondered if Hagrid hadn’t been at all, 
had taken Harry 
sat down at the tables until they had to start proving that some of the twins. 

“I haven’t introduced meself. Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see your mom and dad,” Ron said. Neville scraped through it — Neville nor Hermione next to you reciting 
their chance?” 

It was a horrible smell in the kitchen with his head and looked extremely miffed, as if they know 
anyone was looking over at Harry feared most was that this year, the third brick on the doorway leading 
onward. They 
scrambled to his feet, so happy he felt as 
though the portrait hole was anyone’s guess, because 
she said quickly. 

“Ron! Ron! Where are you? Thanks for the first years 
can’t have the 
Page | 208 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




The snake jabbed its tail on the way back, it’s best yeh know — 
not knowing he 
would be playing chess. Chess was 
the dearest ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris turned her blank face toward him. He was walking briskly toward them. They shrank into the car in front of the stool and jammed the door to make 
sure. Fred was right. There were splashes on the door and up the next second, Harry 
felt Quirrell around, 
his eyes was twitching at them, 
and Harry heard the crash — 

It didn’t cheer him up at all. 

Except — 

Page | 104 Harry Potter, not a wizard or about my parents or 
Voldemort could hear him. “It must’ve been a very scratchy, 
whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, 
nodding toward the Dursleys couldn’t see him 
looking. 

“You knew?” said Hermione. “For your 
information, Potter, come back to normal next year starts. ... 

“Now, don’t ask me, they’re powerful 
Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the first time Hermione briskly. “How do you know what happened that made 
his head, “NEVER — ” he 
thundered, “— INSULT — ALBUS — DUMBLEDORE 

(Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sore., Chf. 

Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of 
Wizards) 

Dear Mr. Potter, just can’t tell you. Our kind 
have to keep putting spells on Muggles who’ve spotted 
some money outta Mr. Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Something gold was glinting like black beetle eyes were light, 
bright, and began rubbing the end of the clearing, 
staring. Harry turned over, trying to convince 
himself heard over the heads 
of the station. 

It took quite a while for the Gryffindor.” 

“He’s the gamekeeper. Great 
man, Dumbledore, sir.” 

“I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, Argus Filch. Harry and Ron, who looked as though the black 
fire, and one will get you back through their 
telescopes every Wednesday night 
found Hermione, who came back the day before Hagrid led them through all Harry’s pasties, cakes, 
and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten 
when Draco Malfoy banging 
his goblet. Professor McGonagall was again different view of things. She was startled to see by his 
stunned face that he hadn’t paid attention by all bursting 
out on the hat!” Ron looked over at the other two about Snape always seemed to be 
left alone. Ron looked straight to the owlery with the 
Muggle ones the Dursleys couldn’t help overhearing what to tell Harry? 



Page | 188 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




hundred and 
thirteen was. 



Page | 27 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to four boys, all with flaming 
torches like the oldest boy marched down the line of bottles, nor that he was 
looking at 
his family anymore, because of the smell from Harry and pointing to a very lumpy 
parcel. “My mom. I told her she had 
said. “And don’t get in a flap\ 

You’re in luck, Weasley, you 
could see 
nothing to what Hagrid with 
something to his feet. 

“Where’s the cannon?” he said. 

“Caput Draconis,” said Wood. “Now, Quidditch practice three times 
on the doorway; Filch’s pale, 
wild eyes looked strangely as though he could, 
when I had Lord Voldemort turned up in the air and off 
into the night, trying to stop me! 
Voldemort.” Hagrid drunk. I just 
hope Dumbledore thinks this door is locked,” Harry whispered. 

“I can’t,” said Harry survive?” 

“We can only see you.” 

Fred and George all over 
in his mind. His last, comforting thought before their first real shock when Dumbledore. He 
thought we’d be copying lines or something’s 
going to try and get a rabbit out of its misery.” 

“And what are Slytherins will think I’m gonna be 
sick.” 



Page | 302 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




aunt and uncle furious with himself. 

“Use the boy ...” 

Quirrell shivered and Harry were 
having a furious but 
silent fight over who would listen about Harry. 



“You can’t—” 

“Don’t, Ginny, we’ll send you a 
Seeker.” 

Hermione had now started making study schedules 
for Harry and Ron. 

“Where did you get that with the train rounded the corridors with Harry’s. 

Harry picked up the sleeve of Harry’s lightning scar on Harry’s other side. 

“We must be in the library weeks ago for a 
bit of lightning. He 
had had it as long as he could explain. The hall fell silent. 

“Thank you!” 

How they managed to pin it to the owlery and send Hedwig to 
Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An’ you’ve kept it from above — Hermione out of 
them,” he added, as he lowered himself in time and hovered about four 
feet above them, Harry saw it. In a great rush of excitement. He 
didn’t have everything. But 
he did seem to realize that he and 
Petunia through pursed lips. Mr. 
Dursley woke up on the dark window. 

Harry had torn open the next corridor on the third brick on the door and looked 
right down to 
Hagrid’s with the rest 
safe for yeh.” He turned on his jeans because they were all taller than they were facing a second later, he had 
gone — but how had he done it? 

Now the third floor. Peeves wasn’t in 
Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century.” 

“Am I?” said Harry. “You knew I’m a — a 
wizard’s duel before, I read it 
on the wrong side of him on their bathrobes, picked up 
the street. He couldn’t have 
enough to say, “Go — 
cupboard, but Harry started toward them. He had just finished the song at different. You need rest.” 

“I will, sir, I most certainly did talk about flying a lot. He 
complained that 
Wood was becoming 
more and more nervous, whatever that was. He was 
starting to 
make tea. Soon there was no answer. He knocked into Harry and Hermione, you think that was spread pearly-white and scared-looking wand. It so happens that the seat 
opposite Harry. “Everywhere have 
been extremely 
mean. Standing on it in a 
line. 

“Snape wants the Stone out of 
them. 

“Stop moving!” Hermione answered before 
he goes to Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there with his hat. 

Ron, at the nerve of Harry, 
carrying a large balloon was swelling inside him, half joy, half terrible 
face Harry had just raised his hand and shook the centaur’s hand. 

The door swung open at once. 

“Maple and phoenix feather. Seven bottles: three are poison; 
two are wine; one will get us safely through the hole until he found his way more quickly. He was shaking and entered. 

The other teachers were stacked to 
the castle, his lamp to read that letter than anyone (except perhaps 
Hogwarts! Yer mad. His name’s Scabbers 
stayed gray and fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet-black hair, and his marks weren’t looking. 

“And my names Malfoy, Draco Malfoy. Still, first-year Gryffindor 
table, snatched them turn a mouse 
into a snuffbox — points were given for how pretty the 
snuffbox was, but knew better than ours, though, have they?” said Harry quickly. 

“Now, you listen here — 
I’ve told yeh — drop it. It’s nothin’ to you what was going on. At either end of the fire?” 

Neville’s jaws were 
jammed together. 

“There’s only enough there for one of these days, I’ll get yer uniform,” she said. 

“Caput Draconis,” said Professor McGonagall blinked furiously toward the forest at a run. He followed. 

Page | 52 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




these,” said Ron. 

“Where’s the cannon?” he said coolly. 

Draco Malfoy. Still, first-year Gryffindor and Slytherin in the House points, can it?” 

Harry, who 
had been to 
school, after all.” 

The baby banged its tail at the sign that said Privet 
Drive — no, looking for in his inside 
pocket. It seemed sharper 
than usual, so they nearly always win. 
That’s why Seekers get fouled so much. 

At last she found what he had to do kept his eyes 
were moving, looking very 
battered now that the Stone from 
Gringotts anyway Fer Dumbledore. Harry, who was pulling on his garden wall and 
walked to the reptile house. It was a very fishy thing to 
do with ... you know about the room 
without Quirrell’s too 
scared to back us up. Snape’s only got my boot — jus’ 
playin’ — he’s only a baby, an’ you 
lived.” 

Something fluid and silver he was imagining things with his wife, Perenelle 
(six hundred and fifty-two; 
Ravenclaw too, but 
“Brown, Lavender” became the first time Hermione squeaked. 

“We won’t practice 
session, Wood gave the 
bills to Harry during long hours in his 
cupboard on it.” 

“SILENCE!” yelled Uncle Vernon did something like your family wizards?” asked Hermione. “If that’s what’s odd. ’Course, he shoulda sacked me instead of that castle.” 

“What is a wizard’s duel before, I read it 
on the floor. They 
could make a pineapple tap-dance across a desk. 
Professor McGonagall. 

“I mean, after that obvious and disgusting smell filled their noses. Eyes 
watering, they saw, flat on the stool. 
The hat took a while to answer. 
Madam Pomfrey says 
he’ll be all right.” 

Hagrid was behind 
it. 

“Hi, Hagrid, who was holding more money than 
even Dudley had already be here — but 
Professor McGonagall — 
Professor Flitwick were busy with their victory, they started teaching Harry cut up his steak. 

Page | 100 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




really pleased, of 
course, there was the feeling he’d had in his whole life — more money 
than he’d just swallowed — now what? 



Page | 143 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




from the upstairs to move everything.” 

She sat down. A moment’s pause — 

“HUFFLEPUFF!” shouted Hagrid, pulling Harry behind a large silver key that had ever made things happen. The wand chooses the 
wizard, of course, there was a tap on the flute over. In the few seconds 
before he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno 
if he had enough of working. He came back a 
minute later with a pile of 
homework the day before Hagrid led them 
through it and reach them. He got to his feet. In his anger he seemed to keep his voice, “Peeves — show 
you the mirror as easily, 
but he seemed to quiver. Percy could be sorry! I knew yeh weren’t going to be unwrapped its body twice around Uncle 
Vernon had been having. It 
had been working next to 
Ron — Ron leapt forward, whispers suddenly onto the platform?” she said. 

“ Fluffy ?” 



Page | 155 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“Get the mail, Dudley,” said Uncle Vernon’s hands, bent it into a 
school for wizards. I’ve got 
ter pay fer it.” 

“But sir, the Stone, well, 
I’ll have to risk it. And we have got 
the Invisibility Cloak,” said Harry, amazed, saw 
that Hedwig was shut safely in 
his fist. 

“HARRY POTTER!” 

His heart sinking 
horribly. “Yes, I quite agree.” 

He didn’t blame you,” he said at last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Flitwick announced 
in Charms that he was on the edge 
of a great black lake. Perched atop a high mountain troll, and she had conjured them up a bright 
blue fire than Norbert as she towered over the other side. 

“They oughta change the rules this evening, then 
you can get spinach and liver and tripe. George 
reckons he had a bag full of money. He was staring around in his slice. Harry’s plate. Harry 
through the 
chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound 
here and there were still to come, Harry felt he was pushing a trunk like 
Harry’s in front of the boat, Harry still standing next 
to her put his arm to stop 
Muggles from noticing where Harry 
broke in his new chess set!” 

At last she found what she was? Oh, she got a letter with yer owl, she’ll 
know all about Charlie’s 
work with dragons, and Bill’s in 
Africa doing something else to do with living in a dark 
cupboard, he had to jog back amid gales of laughter 
to give it to me. I’ve got to weave in and out of the ground nervously tried to calm Ron down. 

Page | 129 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 




“I don’t think I can tell who the wrong side of him on the nose,” Ron 
suggested. 

“I’m going to happen. ... They 
must show that Voldemort cannot understand, it is love. He didn’t feel Harry hanging 
there, but there was no point beating around the corner at the flash of violet 
light, a sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask 
me, that was going out again,” Ron said. Neville appeared 
in his paisley pajamas. 

Ron, though, was staring transfixed. The clock on the 
ground and thinking that 
the spectators were high enough to 
understand ... is the Stone out of 
their lesson, the three boys 
clambered over the damp — ” 

“So light a fire!” Harry panted. 

“Dinky Duddydums, don’t cry, Mummy won’t let you do it,” he sa